In the last lectures we learn how to pass and extract dynamic route parameters.
Now we also see that this somehow leads to issues with our new post route.
There is word as can be seen if we have a look at the block container there where we set up our routes.
We have the new post route which loads the new post component and that flexible ID route.
Now I said that I would move it to the end so that it doesn't capture this route here because it is
flexible.
Id partir would of course also interpret new post as an ID.
Now it doesn't capture this route but remember that all routes here are rendered if they match the path
does of course is a problem here because our flexible partir Denis always rendered when you post this
render that we could of course fix this by naming this posts slash ID and also fixing this here in our
link to posts slash ID.
If we do that now you see we only load the new post for and if I click on a single post we are at slash
posts one and therefore only see a single post.
Definitely Y able but sometimes you simply have to use a given you or L because you or you or else would
otherwise look.
Well not the way you want them to look in the end so therefore maybe we have to use that setup.
We can still tell re-act router to load only one of all these routes at a time by wrapping our route
config here with a number of component provided by the re-act router Dom package does.
Which component.
Switch Telsey re-act router.
Hey please only load one of the routes.
The first one actually you find that matches from a given set of routes.
So now we can wrap our free routes with switch and the first route that matches a given path will be
loaded and thereafter it will just stop analyzing the routes it won't render any Our route.
With this in place now you will see that if I go back to home and click on a single post we load that
post.
If I click on new post we only load that form and no longer see that single post.
We also now see that if I changed the order and put ID first that we can never reach new post in this
scenario.
And of course we get an error because new post is now treated as the idea and obviously an invalid ID
for our backend.
So now we see that it does stop after finding the first fitting route which is of course this one with
a flexible parameter and therefore a new post never gets rendered.
So do your order is important especially when using switch of course switch however is important if
you want to ensure that only one route gets loaded.
And of course you can also mix it.
You can put one route outside of switch so this will always get analyzed at least and potentially also
rendered if it fits.
And then one of the following.
And then maybe add one more thereafter so you can really mix and match this as you want.
That's the cool thing about the router it's really flexible so this is one potential set up where we
can use to you or else you want to use and still ensure that we only load one route at a time.